Running scenarios with a calibrated model (#290)
CDCgov/ixa-epi-isolation: experiments/simple-fits/wyoming-incidence/docs/output.qmd

plt.show()

```

# Scenario Analysis

> A scenario analysis is conducted that studies effects of the update and previous isolation guidance on hospitalizations. The guidances are compared to a counterfactual "No Guidance", which is the context for the model calibration. Two relavent policy parameters are studied in set of scenarios that are enumerated in the following table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The scenario analysis assesses the effects of the update and previous isolation guidance on hospitalizations in the calibrated "No Guidance" model. The table below shows the counterfactual scenarios and the relevant parameters varied by scenario.
```
